[JAVA] Java driver throws exception for asNumber for BsonDecimal128 (#500)
mongodb/docs-java: source/whats-new.txt

  name, or it defaults to ``MULTIPLE`` if you specify more than one
  host.

> - ``BsonDecimal128`` values now respond to method calls in the same way as Java

Reviewer: S: remove "now" since this is already sorted into a versioned section
```suggestion
- ``BsonDecimal128`` values respond to method calls in the same way as Java
```

>   ``Decimal128`` values. In particular, ``isNumber()`` and ``asNumber()``
>   error responses now match the Java responses for equivalent ``Decimal128`` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ``Decimal128`` values. Specifically, the error responses for the ``isNumber()`` and ``asNumber()``
  methods match the Java responses for equivalent ``Decimal128`` values.
```
